Gu Lian. You are pregnant,
I. on you,
I'm leaving first. You can't leave.
I have nothing to do with him.
He makes a fuss, but he can,
I have many things to say to keep him from wind.
Gu Lian. You want to take it, take it, take it,
You are not pregnant. I'll take you to the hospital for a full set of exercises,
Just take you to lose more. If you are not pregnant,
The rest of the time, you won’t be able to pass the exam.
As for me, I haven’t touched it yet. Guo Linbei Spicy
Why don't you get out yet?
don't be angry
I don't have anything with him
Dinglan relationship
i can way
I'm not angry with you
I asked you to go down to the island to talk.
Deal with them sparingly
This person may
My method is better
It was my fault
Didn't tell Zhenzhi earlier
After a while
What I told him again was that you were wrong
not a mistake
I was giving birth just now
Why are you so nice to go home?
Why don't you get off the car?